docs(icon): Adds documentation for Icon React component (#2061)
liferay/clay: next.clayui.com/content/docs/components/icon.mdx

---
title: "Icon"
description: "Icons are a visual representation of an idea and/or action."
packageNpm: "@clayui/icon"
packageVersion: "3.0.0"
packageStatus: "Beta"
---

import {Icon, IconWithContext} from '../../../src/components/clay/Icon';

<div class="nav-toc">

- [Best Pratices](#variants-and-best-pratices)
    - [Using Context](#using-context)
- [API](#api)

</div>

<div class="clay-site-alert alert alert-info">
	Check the <a href="https://liferay.design/lexicon/">Lexicon</a> <a href="https://liferay.design/lexicon/core-components/icons/">Icons Pattern</a> for a more in-depth look at the motivations and proper usage of this component.
</div>

## Best Pratices

For Icons, we use SVG elements that link to an SVG sprite. So, it becomes necessary to pass a parameter that points to a path where this [`spritemap`](#api-spritemap) is located.

- See the complete list of symbols and flags that are offered by Clay's spritemap [here](/docs/css/components/icons.html)

<Icon />

### Using Context

<div class="clay-site-alert alert alert-info">

>     For V3, was added the ability to utilize context for passing spritemap down instead of having to pass the prop everywhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For V3, an API was added to utilize context for passing spritemap down instead of having to pass the prop everywhere.
```

Author: Solved!
